# Flora #

The flora in Avaloria are as fantastically diverse as the geographic divides within the continent. To those who are not versed in the local flora, the experience may be dramatically short and fatal. Those with the knowledge can not only survive but thrive. Risk the danger, reap the reward.


## Vines of the Divine ##

_This vine prefers the shady areas on the edge of glades. It has very glossy leaves that are shaped like hearts. It also has waxy white flowers that are prized for their fragrance. There is a heady feeling  generated by a single flower that is desired by lovers every where. In the wild, these flowers only bloom when the plant senses heat. In great concentrations the flowers will overwhelm and cause their victim to fall into the vines. A feeling of nirvana paralyzes the victim while the vines begin to cover and constrict. The victim is suffocated and provides the fertilizer for the next flowers._

## Emperor's Royal Clover ##

_This magnificent flower is a deep purple and absolutely stands out wherever it is found. It is always found in a mound of greenery and the flowers come out above this dramatic background. The beauty has a very dark secret - carnivorous bees. these bees live in and near the flowers and will attack any one who dares to come close. The bees do not sting. Instead, they use their powerful mandibles to deliver a numbing poison. The bees will not stop attacking until the threat is eliminated. Both the clover and the bees are prized and have a ready market._

## The Black Rose ##

_From the ebony stalk of thorns out to the obsidian leaves up to the flower itself with a pitch black face with a dark crimson underside, it is evident this is no ordinary flower. These plants are steeped in mystery and their lore is intriguing. They can not be grown in captivity. They will always be found facing into a full moonrise. Every part of the rose is prized by suppliers, but only if intact. They have never been found with any other plant around. They prefer rock faces with just a little soil and the higher the better._

_There is a legend that involve the Shadow Jack prophecy that states that a Black Rose on a precipice will flower when the primal moon is at its zenith. If it is picked by a Shadow Jack and the Shadow Jack bleeds then the Becoming will begin. The flowers are dangerous enough to get but the Shadow Jack's tend to all of them, waiting for the Prophecy to be fulfilled._

## The Fallen Star ##

_High up on the summits of the mountain valleys, where the snow never melts, lies one of the most dazzling and beautiful flowers in Avaloria.  It has been given the popular name of the Fallen Star by the locals, since it is the last item that shines as darkness falls. It is not known how they are able to project light but it is a desirous quality prized by many. This demand has fueled a very dangerous adventure from which the majority never return. They are usually found frozen with a contented smile upon their face._

## Kaylynne's Blood ##

_When the demi-goddess is displeased, she releases a breath laden with the tiniest of seeds. These seeds are so small, that they can not be seen with normal vision. Once they have landed on the sea that changes rapidly into a crimson nightmare for all of life. Massive death on an ecosystem scale is possible if the Blood runs for any length of time. the seeds absorb all the oxygen in the water while replicating at 10 times the rate of any other entity in the ocean. As quickly as it comes, it can be gone, if Kaylynne is pleased._

## Corded Ironwood ##

_This tree is one of the most impressive specimens of natural beauty and strength present in Avaloria. It is not the largest tree by any means, but what it lacks in size, it makes up in physical appearance. The bark is smooth and covers wood that resembles the corded sinews of a forearm. There are almost no branches, and the leaves are remarkably dark green and small, almost as if added as an afterthought. The tree never is seen anywhere near another corded ironwood. It is rumored that to become a hedge wizard, one must find one of these trees._